g'day guys we have one of my absolute
favorites here today you will need some
schnitzels now that's a nice veal
schnitzels here sometimes made with
yearling stencils but it should be veal
some flour a couple of beaten eggs some
breadcrumbs and some salt and pepper now
I'm going to start by just seasoning the
flour with the salt and pepper
and give it a mix
and get that veal schnitzel and just
coat it lightly in flour then dip it in
the egg and then coat it well with
breadcrumbs
and that's all you need to do for this
step guys so just repeat this for all of
your schnitzels and then set them to one
side and we'll get started on the potato
pancake so here I've got a large potato
and half an onion which I've grated and
squeezed out all of the excess moisture
you really need to get this as dry as
possible a couple of teaspoons of flour
and egg yolk and some salt and pepper
now this is very easy just throw in all
these ingredients seasoned well
and then mix it all together
now I've got a couple of barbecue plates
here heat it to a medium heat so I'm
just going to start by putting a bit of
oil on one of them and also melting some
butter onto it and we're going to get
that potato pancake and flatten it out
and we're going to give this about a
5-minute head start over the schnitzels
because it will take longer to cook now
you want to make sure you keep a medium
heat here or else it will burn so after
about five minutes I'm just going to
turn over that potato pancake and it is
looking fantastic cook for another
couple of minutes and then add some oil
and some butter to the other plate
then just put on the schnitzels
and you only need to cook these for
about a minute to two minutes per side
now you want to take care turning them
you don't to break up those bread crumbs
and they are looking absolutely
fantastic or not belong there so once
they're done simply take them out onto
some paper towel to drain off the excess
oil plate up and then squeeze on a bit
of lemon juice and you are done guys now
this is absolutely awesome in my opinion
far better than chicken sniffles so
check it out thanks for watching and
I'll catch you all next time